Explain how to name concept exercises (#72)
exercism/docs: anatomy/tracks/concept-exercises.md

Some files are not specific to individual exercises, but are instead applicable to _all_ exercises. Check the [documentation](./shared-files.md) for more information.

## Naming

Concept Exercises should be named after their story/theme, _not_ after their concept(s).

Good examples of names:

- `Tim from Marketing`
- `Lucian's Luscious Lasagna`
- `Calculator Conundrum`

Bad examples of names:

- `Booleans`: should not be named after a concept
- `Exercise #1`: an exercise is not a story/theme

When forking an exercise without major changes, use the original name when possible.

### Slugs

Each exercise also has a _slug_, which is normalized version of the exercise name using the following rules:

1. Use lowercase.
1. Use [kebab-case][kebab-case].
1. Use alphanumerical characters ('a' - 'z') and dashes ('-').

Good examples of slugs:

- `tim-from-marketing`
- `lucians-luscious-lasagna`
- `calculator-conundrum`

Bad examples of slugs:

- `TIM-FROM-MARKETING`: should use lowercase (i.e. `tim-from-marketing`)
- `TimFromMarketing`: should use kebab-case (i.e. `tim-from-marketing`)

> - `floating-point-numbers`: should not use a concept

Reviewer: *Must* the slugs follow the rules above or *should* they follow those rules?

The paragraph above suggests they must follow those rules, but these examples suggest they're optional.

Reviewer 2: must.

```suggestion
Bad examples of slugs:

- `TIM-FROM-MARKETING`: does not use lowercase (i.e. `tim-from-marketing`)
- `TimFromMarketing`: does not use kebab-case (i.e. `tim-from-marketing`)
- `floating-point-numbers`: uses a concept name not a story name
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/exercism/docs/pull/78
